for signing in case we at last they will
know that we were here all right here we
go heading up longs peak still very dark
out as you can see oh so it's a 450 in
the morning it's going to take us about
10 hours Sun is coming up so the Sun has
just come up it's about 7am about a
quarter of the way there we're going
through some beautiful little Valley
right now nice little river it's pretty
cool yes it's going to be a pimple day
this is awesome baby yeah found the best
place to pull in the whole world so
you're sitting here on the toilet you
stand up and that's what you get to see
so we got off the trail we're heading
through unmarked territory here heard
it's the faster way and more fun way so
we're going to give a shot those clouds
are the enemy we don't want clouds and
clozapine thunderstorms
we can't find the trail nobody seems to
care everybody's heading out for their
own direction stupid maybe who knows
either way we're going to make the top
of the mountain
getting windier up here think we're at
this point right here advanced this
cliff your mountain glaciers well
catching a cold up here this is the part
where we don't want to fall because if
you fall you go down there and that's a
long drought
are you looking at my bum are you a bum
look up that's the top of longs peak
over there but unfortunately we can't go
up the side of this face right here
because there's a giant cliff on the
other side this is the part where we
head down hill before we go back uphill
the final push boys what we have here we
have these bull's-eyes here which mean
were really close to the top we're
talking about 100 meters we're there
whoo fourteen thousand two hundred fifty
five feet we are now on the top of logs
p Please Dylan near being on top of this
mountain is very exciting but it took
five hours to get here it's about 1030am
and we're really only halfway done with
this voyage all right we're about to
descend
boulder field full of boulders lots of
scrambling that is a really good way to
twist an ankle but it sure is a lot more
fun than walking who had this altitude
I'm starting to feel a little woozy the
brain is deprived of oxygen when it food
water quick sleep I'm sleepy boom boom
boom downhill downhill
we made it to the parking lot I can't
tell you how good I feel we went on
5,000 feet in elevation today went up 14
miles oh man my legs hurt